hello and welcome back to learning
English with Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up in the last video I
found some carrots and watermelon and
planted them here at my house and off
camera I was going to expand this farm
this way so I got a shovel and started
digging up all the sand
and as I was digging up the sand I
noticed something right now I have a
stone shovel so watch how fast I can dig
with a stone shovel
okay
now
look at this shovel this shovel is gold
it's a gold shovel and this shovel is
also enchanted with magical abilities
so now now watch how fast I can dig with
this shovel
do you see do you see how fast that
shovel dug up the sand this made me
realize that before I start building
huge structures and digging up the Sands
to expand the farm
before I do all of that I should find
some diamonds and make diamond tools
because with diamond tools all of that
will be way faster so in this video I'm
going to find diamonds and I'm not
ending this video until I find diamonds
okay
I'm going to sleep
and in the morning I'm going to collect
all the things I'll need to go
adventuring
underground to search for diamonds
so it's morning
it's morning
I can hear oh
I can hear this zombie
okay now I think that I have everything
I will need to go exploring underground
I have one two three four five six six
pickaxes one two three swords and some
torches some food I think I have
everything I will need so
I'm going to go search for a cave
oh
there's a zombie with gold armor
die
I think he drops a golden helmet
yeah cool
where could a cave be
I'm going to head into the forest that
way
oh there are zombies chasing me
wow there are lots of monsters chasing
me
all right the forest
it's raining
I haven't found a cave yet
I'm still searching
skeleton over there
when it's raining the monsters don't
burn in the sunlight
because
there's no sun there's no sun up there
in the sky
it's just gray the skies are just Gray
oh
zombies
are there any caves here
I don't see any
okay wow
so many creepers
oh okay
die skeleton
here
this is really dangerous
okay I'm gonna go down here
when I first pick up a little bit of
coal
I'm glad that I have armor
I'm going to place a torch
oh no it stops
okay this cave stops right here so I'm
going back up
okay we're here at the surface
and I'm going to run
foreign
is that the village over there
I think so
I can sleep at the village for tonight
okay we're here
finally someplace safe
I'm going to find a bed
here's one
and sleep
and hopefully in the morning it won't be
raining anymore
foreign
there we go good weather
blue skies the Sun
no rain that is good for me
it's time to go back to my search for a
cave
in the last video I found this swamp
right here but I didn't explore it so
now I think that it's time to explore
this swamp
the swamps are a new biome I haven't yet
explored a swamp like this in Minecraft
so this should be exciting
I see lots of roots are these roots
Mangrove roots
hmm
wow I can't see anything here
some fish
wow I really like the swamp
lots of different fish
I don't know what this fish is doing
it's just spinning around in circles
this one too
[Music]
oh
think the fish are glitched out
they're having a rave party
this fish is normal
yeah
this is a normal fish
this fish isn't dancing
I am completely lost
I have no idea where I am
but it's okay because I have a map
I still haven't found a cave
wow
hmm
it's a little Pond right here
I'm going to leave the swamp because I
can't see very well in the swamp and I'm
looking for a cave
any caves
[Music]
oh maybe over there
nope not a cave
oh my God
it's the village again
I went in a circle
I
I am the worst the worst in the world
with directions
I went in a big circle
wow
whoa
nope not a cave
still no caves
caves where are you
cave nope again no
cave
any caves anywhere
oh wow that is a beautiful waterfall
over there
are you a cave
okay this looks like a cave it's been 30
minutes and I finally found a cave that
looks promising
so I'm going to go down there
ooh there's light down here
I'm going to place a torch
where is this light coming from
is it this
oh weird
I can't believe that we're already five
episodes into this series and I haven't
found diamonds
it's about time we found some diamonds
there's some iron
okay well we found some iron which is a
good sign because it means we're getting
deeper
redstone
I don't think that I need any more
I'm looking for diamonds
okay wow this place is huge there has to
be some diamonds down here
I'm going to eat something before going
down there
because
my health is low
there we go
I ate some watermelons
and now I'm going to start digging down
there
this way
okay
as usual there are lots of monsters
going to eat again
when your hunger bar is full is full
then you can regenerate health
this place is so dangerous
I'm going to need more torches soon
I am hiding right now because there are
tons of monsters here I'm going to build
more torches
with coal and sticks
now I have 40 more torches
oh diamonds
we found diamonds
just one
okay just one Diamond but it's okay this
this is the first diamonds that we've
found in this world
so
hooray
okay
no no
oh
hiding
okay I really don't want to die now that
I've found a diamond so
I'm going to hide until I have regained
my health
okay
I'm going to run that way run
run run
down here
okay I think I'm safe
torch
okay I'm getting really deep
I need to find some more diamonds
oh wow oh
okay
some lapis
I'll collect this lapis real quick and
there we go
back up here
oh another skeleton no
get out of here
leave
me alone
die die die
oh that was close
diamonds
where are the diamonds
maybe over here
this seems a little bit dangerous
to be this close to Lava
diamonds
are there any diamonds here
whoa oh
oh I'm on fire
am I gonna die
am I dead no
wow I survived
that was another close call
geez
okay well no diamonds here
time to continue on
maybe I'll go up there
and continue searching
going up
foreign
skeletons
I hate skeletons
skeletons are my worst enemy
well
I am never going to find that place
again
wow
well that sucks
I
technically found some diamonds and
now I'm upset so
I'm going to end this video
right here
thank you for watching and I will see
you
in the next video
bye